some of those experiences out there when
I was on the court I felt like I was
being controlled by something else I
felt like I was having an out-of-body
experience I still have to pinch myself
to really believe it wait a minute who's
this kid already cut twice the ceased
weight not drafted wait nobody thought
he could play sleeping on a teammate's
couch Jeremy Lin came from nothing to
drink I don't say get to be a sports fan
to hear about it yeah well when Saturday
takes New York by storm I didn't want to
play the piano like every year the
recital will come around and I'd be
pretty much playing the same song and
they're just like this is not working
all he does is play basketball
so there's stunned play basketball he's
just a slow kid it just scored the
basketball so well in high school Jeremy
was the best player here Linda's gonna
have to watch a 25
did he call back but yet colleges
weren't clamoring for him he just didn't
fit them all people look at basketball
players in terms of race college it just
got crazy can you even open your eyes
can you see the scoreboard it was really
just seeing four team would take the
plunge and take this Asian American
player if I don't get drafted here I
probably won't get draft Landry Fields
he puts the order God first family
second basketball third it's more of God
is in all those things he's standing at
the door and he had tears in his eyes
because the pressure was really getting
to him and I remember he turned to me he
says I don't know if I can keep doing
this you don't get better if you win all
the time you look at yourself more when
you lose Lynn has a chance to make
history as the first asian-american NBA
player in the modern era this transcends
sports
that's all I dream about is hitting the
game-winner and then doing some pose and
then walking off that's like all I did
growing up I want to know what that felt
like
[Music]